---
layout: post
title: " Scotland (Part II) "
date: 2004-10-04 17:01:00 +0100
comments: true
published: true
categories: ["blog", "archives"]
tags: []
alias: ["/mattsblog/archive/2004/10/04/157.aspx"]
---
<!-- more -->

<STRONG>(Written late September...)</STRONG><BR>
 <P>Been a while since I sat down to write anything here - not that I've been able to get access to the blog to update it. Stupid computers - always go wrong at the worst point. This time, the worst point is when I'm wandering around Italy, and don't have the access to get it working again. So, on the theory that I'll be able to get access to it at some point, I'll keep writing stuff on my pda, and hopefully get a chance to upload it at some point.</P>
 <P>Anyway, I think I'd left all of my avid readers (all 3 of them) when I was in Pitlochry. After a few days there, we jumped back on the bus, and headed on to Inverness, stopping at Loch Ness on the way. Wasn't the most exciting spot to stop on the loch, but there was a dude there who had sold his house, quit his job, and gone full time into Nessie hunting. He lives in a caravan right next to the loch, ands makes little Nessie figures to sell to tourists so he can eat. Pretty cool guy.</P>
 <P>While also visited Inverness, which means 'mouth of the river ness', where we went on a cool walk down the river, visiting all these islands on the river, which was pretty good - nice and relaxing. One last note - a decent pub there that we visited (pretty much with everyone off the bus), was Blackfriars. Very good food, and not a bad atmosphere either.</P>
 <P>Then, once again, we were on the move, this time, heading over to the Isle of Skye, off the north western coast. Lots to say about that one, so I think I might do that separate.</P>
