---
layout: post
title: " Related India email #2 "
date: 2005-11-23 05:43:00 +0000
comments: true
published: true
categories: ["blog", "archives"]
tags: ["On Travels"]
alias: ["/mattsblog/archive/2005/11/23/1207.aspx"]
---
<!-- more -->

<P><EM>Received this email while staying in Bangalore:</EM></P>
 <P>Interesting facts about Bangalore.....</P>
 <P>1. Bangalore has the impeccable record of highest growth within a span of 20 years.</P>
 <P>2. Bangalore has highest number of pubs in Asia.</P>
 <P>3. Bangalore has highest number of cigarette smokers in India.</P>
 <P>4. Bangalore has the highest number of software&nbsp; companies in India - 212,followed by Hyderabad -108, Pune - 97. Hence called the silicon valley of India.</P>
 <P>5. Bangalore has 21 engineering colleges, which is highest in the world in a given city. Bangalore university has 57 engineering colleges affiliated to it, which is highest in the world.</P>
 <P>6. Bangalore is the only city in the world to have commercial and defense airport operating from the same strip.</P>
 <P>7. Bangalore has highest number of public sectors and government organizations inIndia.</P>
 <P>8. Bangalore university has highest number of students going abroad for higher studies taking the first place from IT-Kanpur.</P>
 <P>9. Bangalore has only 48% of local population(i.e.Kannadigas). Hence a true cosmopolitan with around 25% Tamilians,14% Telugites, 10% Keralites, 8% Europeans, 6% a mixture of all races.</P>
 <P>10. Bangalore police has the reputation of being second best in India after Delhi.</P>
 <P>11. Bangalore has the highest density of traffic in India.</P>
 <P>12. Bangalore has the highest number of 2-wheelers in the world.</P>
 <P>13. Bangalore is considered the fashion capital of east comparable to Paris.</P>
 <P>14. Bangalore has produced the maximum international sportsmen in India for all sports ahead of even Mumbai &amp; Delhi.</P>
 <P>15. Bangalore has produced the maximum number of scientists considered for Nobel Prize nominations.</P>
 <P>16. Bangalore has produced the highest number of professionals in USA almost 60% of the Indian population abroad is from Bangalore (except Gulf).</P>
 <P>17. Bangalore is famous for&nbsp;three things: Software Professionals, Girls and Dogs.</P>
 <P>This one is the ultimate</P>
 <P>18. Bangalore is famous for its dog bites, an average of 12 people are bitten by stray dogs per MINUTE somewhere in Bangalore</P>
