---
layout: post
title: " Personality types... "
date: 2005-11-21 09:24:00 +0000
comments: true
published: true
categories: ["blog", "archives"]
tags: ["On Generalities"]
alias: ["/mattsblog/archive/2005/11/21/1201.aspx"]
---
<!-- more -->

<P>Talking to a friend the other day - she's piloting an project at the company where she's consulting, based on personality types...</P>
<P>
  As part of it, she asked me what personality type I was (based on the myers-briggs personality test). Turns out, based on a
    <A href="http://haleonline.com/psychtest/index.php">couple</A> of
    <A href="http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/JTypes2.asp">tests</A>&nbsp;I did, they all come back that I'm an
    <A href="http://haleonline.com/psychtest/results.php?EI=I&amp;SN=S&amp;TF=F&amp;JP=J">ISFJ</A>:
</P>
<BLOCKQUOTE>
  <P>
    <EM>
      Ok. You are sympathetic, loyal, considerate, and conscientious. You will go to any amount of trouble, when it makes sense to you, to help those in need. You are responsible and enjoy being needed. You are down-to-earth and realistic and like others who are quiet and unassuming. You absorb and enjoy using a large number of facts.
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You like situations where the rules are well defined and where traditions are to be upheld. You focus on providing practical help and services for others and for the organizations you serve. You have a strong work ethic.
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You can be painstakingly accurate and systematic in handling tasks...you're conservative with traditional values...quiet and modest...tactful and supportive of friends and family...
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You are often self-effacing in getting the job done, and are willing to make necessary sacrifices, especially for your family. You are at your best quietly providing assistance and making sure things are in order.
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You have a few close friends, don't like disharmony, and try to keep cooperation at all costs...you'll stay close friends with that tight circle for a LONG time...worry a lot...
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You need to have things organized in a way you think works.. you cannot work when things are out of order...when things are in disarray, you have to reorganize 'em immediately....you get involved with leisure ONLY after all the work is done... 
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You have a tendency to put off relaxing because there's too much work to be done...you enjoy time with your family...you fall in love hard when you fall. You place a high value on marriage and family...you seek out a partner and feel unfulfilled without one. you most likely are a good student because you diligently follow through in your work to please your teachers.....you learn best by DOING... 
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      You tend not to be the center of attention...often appear serious...others like trying to get a laugh or a smile out of you...you get angry or bitter when scorned...but you keep it inside... 
    </EM>
  </P>
  <P>
    <EM>
      Possible blindspots: because you are SOOOO in the present, you have a hard time seeing possibilities or consequences of your actions...can become mired in the daily grind...don't forget to express your bottled-up feelings...you can be taken advantage of....could be pessimistic about the future because it's unknown and you rely on past experiences.....you want to plan too much.
    </EM>
  </P>
</BLOCKQUOTE>
<P>Is this me? I'm thinking its pretty close - not entirely accurate, but pretty close...</P>
<P>You agree? Disagree? Which parts do you think are me, and which aren't???</P>

