---
layout: post
title: " Stuff... "
date: 2006-03-06 13:35:00 +0000
comments: true
published: true
categories: ["blog", "archives"]
tags: ["On Generalities"]
alias: ["/mattsblog/archive/2006/03/06/1277.aspx"]
---
<!-- more -->

<P>In some ways life is pretty good right now, but in others, it ain't so good. I'm keeping fairly busy - got a social life that&#8217;s pretty hectic, but partially because of that, I'm dead tired all the time.</P>
 <P>But other than that depressing topic, all's pretty good actually - just applied for a place to live - a 1 bedroom apartment in the docklands - really nice, just have to wait and see if I pass the reference check. Will show you pics if and when I get it. (I'm currently living with Andrea and Mark, and its just too far out from town for me, and I'm also just thinking that I want a place of my very own...)</P>
 <P>Slowly getting some things sorted out that I've been meaning to do for a long time, trying to reply to emails for a change, and a lot of other little things that prey on your mind. Been listening to some podcasts that I've been meaning to listen to, and bought some books I've wanted for a while. Just stuff, you know?</P>
 <P>Also done a bit of catching up with friends since I've got back - is all good.</P>
 <P>Went to the <A href="http://www.nhm.ac.uk/">National History Museum</A> today with the Franster, and saw the <A href="http://www.nhm.ac.uk/wildphoto/">Wildlife Photographer of the Year</A> award - once again, some really amazing photographs - gotta remember to buy a calendar or something...</P>
 <P>Anyway, I think that's enough rambling for now - I don't think any of this really had a point, but good to share (or so I've heard).</P>
