---
layout: post
title: " Football... "
date: 2006-07-06 12:16:00 +0100
comments: true
published: true
categories: ["blog", "archives"]
tags: ["On Generalities"]
alias: ["/mattsblog/archive/2006/07/06/1381.aspx"]
---
<!-- more -->

<P>Been getting into the <STRIKE>football</STRIKE> soccer lately, and I'm really quite enjoying it.</P>
 <P>Bitterly disappointing about the Italy v Australia result - really wasn't happy about that. That said, when Italy played Germany last night, they played brilliantly. If they'd played that wayagainst Aus, I would've had no problems with them winning, but winning off a dodgy penalty, not good.</P>
 <P>Thinking that those penalties are dodgy. Say, for example, they've got a 50% chance of scoring of one of those penalties. When a normal games score is 1-0, thats just way too much advantageto give. In AFL, a free kick like that, you get 6 points if you're lucky, with an average game score of 80-100 (or so). Big difference, especially for something so disputable. Those <STRIKE>umpires</STRIKE> referees<SUP>1</SUP> have headsets on - they can talk to the other refs - get a second opinion on something so important.</P>
 <P>Also not liking the&nbsp;bad sportsmanship, and overacting. That <A href="http://www.smh.com.au/news/world-cup-2006/australiacroatia-ref-quits/2006/06/30/1151174391367.html">player that got 3 yellow cards</A> in that game - he knew. He should've walked off by himself. And when the players act like they've broken a leg, and then are up and running 3 seconds later - its crap. Maybe playing a good game is more important to Aussies than in European football...</P>
 <P>
 <HR id=null style="TEXT-ALIGN: left" width="30%">
 
 <P><SUP>1</SUP> I use umpire and referee interchangeable. Apparently this is *wrong*. However, no-one has yet&nbsp;been able to explain why...</P>
